so here in front of you have three new
kinds of cancer shells that I'm pretty
excited to test out all these shells are
actually part of my fourth July stash
for this year and so they will be used
throughout the display and this video we
posted afterwards so you probably be
able to determine which which shells
these are during this place there's me
tons of stuff going on but since I like
these shells and you know I haven't seen
a lot of videos on these shells I'm
going to go ahead and save a couple and
do a video which is this one right here
okay so if we take a look at the shells
individually wrap the bat you'll notice
that the one in the middle the Super Bob
is a lot taller now don't let that fool
you because if you look in the top right
here you can see there's a little bit of
a gap before the actual plug it's
probably probably half an inch and so if
you took out half an inch should
probably be our my finger yeah be right
where my finger is same kind of tell
it's just a little bit taller but if you
look at the diameter it's also just a
little bit smaller so the fact that's
taller you know it's made up for the
small diameter and then the gap in the
top so this shell the country slammer
you can see right there it says yellow
wave blue pearls I like how the effect
is labeled right on there
like how it has an arrow telling you
which end goes up in case you some
reason didn't know that and then also
like the way the fuses uh the fuse is
taped up you literally just pull up like
this in the fuse will come right out you
can also see there's a coating on there
on the tip of the fuse so I like this
show a lot just the way it's set up and
you know it feels feels pretty heavy it
seems to be well packaged so I really
like the way that's done so look at this
one this is the Super Bob there's no
effect on there which is that's not a
big deal but it's always nice to know
especially once you take them out the
package of stuff kind of what you got
what you got in each and in each
individual shell so like I said before
the dam is a little bit smaller and
there's a little gap in the top but even
still it's just it's like just a little
bit bigger than these other shells so I
hope that's hope that's good the weight
feels pretty good like I said it says
right here this end up but doesn't
really have any other indication on what
the shell does anything like that also
the way the fuse is done is pretty easy
you can see just pull this right here
and it would come right out on the fuse
is not coated which is not a huge deal
I'm just saying the only ones that are
coated they tend to light easier
okay so the last show we have the
javelin by caliber and I really like the
way this shell is done because it's got
the top on there it's got an arrow
telling you which ways up it's also got
a bottom on there I haven't really seen
a lot of that so that's kind of cool
also has the effect right on there so
silver palm with red glitter and then
it's got the brand on there so you know
I really like the way this is set up and
it feels they're about the same weight
I'd say maybe the country singer feels a
little bit heavier but it could just be
the each individual shell you know could
be a little bit different so anyways
that's just my oh the way the fuse
wrapped up is this exact same as this
one I mean it's the same brand so you
kind of assumed it would be the same way
and the same effect anyway so you can
see that you just pull that right up and
it also has the coating right there on
the fuse so as soon as it gets dark
we'll take these outside well shoot them
off individually you know I'm gonna try
to match the effects this won't be hard
because it doesn't tell you what affects
even the Box doesn't say the effect on
there so that kind of a you know that
might be deterrence for some people but
these ones we can match up there's the
same brand though so you know you assume
that the effects would or the shells
will have the similar effect anyways
suza gets dark we'll go outside we'll
shoot these off and let me know how you
guys like them
if you enjoyed this video make sure to
click that video on the left it's also
about cancer shells if you haven't
already make sure to LIKE the video and
before you leave click on that mystery
video link to watch a video that I
enjoyed and who knows it might just be
yours